'Angels are everywhere in the Muñiz family’s apartment in the Bronx: paintings of angels on the wall, ceramic angels flanking the ancient VCR, angels strumming lyres or blowing little golden trumpets on the bathroom shelves.As José and Zoraida Muñiz and their children have struggled to deal with a   series of trials and setbacks, including cancer, debilitating epilepsy, deep depression and near eviction, it has sometimes seemed as if angels and love were the only forces holding things together.Zoraida’s early life in Puerto Rico was like something from a tropical Dickens novel.She and her siblings and mother built a house by hand after a hurricane ravaged their home and the children’s father withdrew support.Then Zoraida’s grandfather  —   the father of her absent father  —   destroyed the house in a rage.He built boilers.She worked in construction, using skills she learned as a child, and in a clothing store.But in 1987, Mr. Muñiz began having violent seizures  —   eight or 10 a day.They did not respond to medication.He could no longer work.“When they operated on my son, they told me he was an angel, because he was supposed to die,” Ms. Muñiz, 50, said.“From there I figured that angels are taking care of me and protecting me and my family.” All the angels are gifts from friends and relatives, or picked up off the street, just like all the furniture in the Muñizes’ overstuffed apartment in a   complex on Westchester Avenue in the Bronx, much of it restored by Ms. Muñiz.“So many people throw away things, so I don’t have to buy,” she said.A second son, Jesus, became epileptic at 3.” Radiation did not work.To save Mr. Muñiz’s life, surgeons removed his tongue and his lower jaw and cut a hole through his esophagus.Disfigured, depressed and unable to speak, he can consume nothing thicker than milk and needs   care.This is the household where the Muñiz children grew up.“We’ve been through every craziness,” said José Jr. 24, who has suffered depression so severe that he dropped out of college and confined himself to the apartment, “every up and down.Food was often scarce.The family regularly skipped meals.It was around this time that Ms. Muñiz got in touch with Catholic Charities Archdiocese of New York, one of the eight organizations supported by The New York Times’s Neediest Cases Fund.It covered their back rent, got them warm coats and blankets and helped them apply for food stamps for the first time.And with $600 from the Neediest Cases Fund, the family paid its electric bill.But José Sr. continues to battle cancer.Zoraida is severely depressed.What keeps her going?she was asked.She gestured toward her family, sitting beside her beneath the painted angels.