'Just how   is Hillary Kerr, the    founder of a   digital media company in Los Angeles?Ms. Kerr can’t remember exactly what was playing when they met because at that moment she was jumping up and down “like Tigger,” as she put it.That was enough to get Ms. Kerr bouncing.Mr. Leahy, who is quiet but not shy (at least he doesn’t jump up and down upon meeting people) was mesmerized.“My main reaction,” he said, “was it’s a lot easier to talk to beautiful women in a bar when you’re working on a hit show.” They exchanged email addresses, more an act of politeness than promise.Then their soundtrack went quiet for almost a year.Both Mr. Leahy and Ms. Kerr had active social lives, but they were focused on their careers.in 2000 and landed in Los Angeles later that year.Ms. Kerr and Ms. Power also started the Who What Wear clothing and accessories line sold at Target.It was nine months after their initial meeting that Mr. Leahy emailed Ms. Kerr.He had a friend who wanted to get into the fashion industry.They began to email and text a bit.“There was banter,” Ms. Kerr said, but neither knew the interest or intention of the other.A few months later, she texted to ask if he could help her score a ticket to see the band Lord Huron.“This was one of those moments where the universe conspires to make you seem cooler than you actually are,” Mr. Leahy said.He and Ms. Kerr met up at the show.It has a club vibe but romantic lyrics.“I wanted to read into it,” Ms. Kerr said, but she figured (correctly, it turns out) that her new friend was a bit of a clueless guy who didn’t spend much time thinking about how a woman might react to such a song being shared with her.” After listening to it, Ms. Kerr said, “I called my friend Katie.” “At that time,” she continued, “I just referred to him as ‘the supervisor.’ She knew I had a crush on him.She said, ‘How can it not mean something?’” But he shared it with her anyway.) Ms. Kerr played the game, too.“This made me rethink things a bit,” he said, adding, “Hillary Kerr was clearly not to be trifled with.Ms. Dunham was at the concert as well, and on meeting Ms. Kerr, she said, “I’ve heard so much about you.1, 2016.On Dec.Ms. Kerr walked down a grassy aisle in a   courtyard wearing a structured lace Reem Acra dress, strapless with a bustier and a full skirt.Four musicians played “Once, With Feeling,” an instrumental song Mr. Leahy wrote for Ms. Kerr..Just minutes into the cocktail reception, a few of Ms. Kerr’s best friends descended upon her.He had done her makeup.“The look we went for is sickeningly stunning and perfect,” he said.Guests mingled over drinks by the pool, which was framed by banquette tables lit from above by strings of bulbs.The sky turned pink before the stars appeared, and guests snapped photos and shared them with the hundreds of thousands who follow these members of the   illuminati (#imwithkerr and #letsgetleahyed).Friends of both the bride and the groom celebrated what they saw as a great match, based on passion not only for each other but also for music.“Hillary loves music, and it’s not just a casual thing,” Ms. Ray said.“We used to say the ultimate fantasy was to become a music director, and now she’s married to one.He pulled together many of the songs that could be considered the soundtrack to their romance and made his wife a mixtape.When Dec.Many of the guests had an artistic bent.The bride and groom planned accordingly.Marshall Goldsmith, an executive coach, author and lifelong family friend of Ms. Kerr, officiated.