'Mariah Carey suffered through a performance train wreck in Times Square on New Year’s Eve as malfunctions left her at a loss vocally during her hit song “Emotions,” struggling to reach notes and to sync the lyrics and music.The trouble continued when she gave up on another of her   numbers, “We Belong Together,” while a recording of the song continued to play, a confirmation that she had been  .But on Sunday, a dispute erupted between Ms. Carey’s representatives and producers of ABC’s “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest,” on which the singer was performing.“I’m certainly not calling the F. B. I. to investigate.It is what it is: New Year’s Eve in Times Square.” “In very rare instances, there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television,” the statement said, adding that an initial investigation suggested that the production company “had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey’s New Year’s Eve performance.” A veteran audio producer, Robert Goldstein of Maryland Sound International, a company that has worked on the Times Square event for years, also said in an email that there had been no malfunctions with the sound equipment he oversaw.“Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances,” the spokeswoman, Nicole Perna, told The Associated Press.It was a rare meltdown on national television by one of the   recording artists of all time.Ms. Carey, a pop phenomenon in the 1990s who won five Grammys out of 34 nominations over the years, was the final   act on ABC’s “Dick Clark’s New Year’s Rockin’ Eve With Ryan Seacrest.Standing still with her left hand on her hip while music played, Ms. Carey told the audience that there had not been a proper sound check before her performance.Then she said, “We’ll just sing,” and noted proudly of her song, “It went to No.1.“Let the audience sing.” ABC quickly cut to shots of the Times Square crowd as Ms. Carey tried to perform some of her choreography.“That was  —   ” she said, pausing for effect, “amazing.” She seemed to recover at first with “We Belong Together,” but there appeared to be another malfunction, and Ms. Carey again stopped singing.After the performance, Ms. Carey posted a mildly profane slang phrase on Twitter with an “upset” emoji, then wrote: “Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!Here’s to making more headlines in 2017.” An ABC spokesman said on Sunday that the network would not comment on the problems with Ms. Carey’s performance.