'  pages into the   journal found in Dylann S. Roof’s car  —   after the assertions of black inferiority, the lamentations over white powerlessness, the longing for a race war  —   comes an incongruous declaration.“It is a Jewish invention, and does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they dont.Although a defense based on his psychological capacity might be his best opportunity to avoid execution, he seems steadfastly committed to preventing any public examination of his mental state or background.16, a day after a jury took only two hours to find him guilty of 33 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death, obstruction of religion and firearms violations.It was less satisfying in revealing why he had done it.With his choice to sideline his legal team and represent himself, the second phase  —   when the same jury of nine whites and three blacks will decide whether to sentence him to death or to life in prison  —   may prove little different.But legal filings strongly suggest a split with his   defenders about whether to argue that his rampage resulted from mental illness.Because evidence of mitigating factors is supposed to be reserved for the penalty phase, Judge Gergel allowed him little leeway.Mr. Bruck, one of the country’s most experienced death penalty litigators, portrayed his    client as a loner whose most meaningful relationship seemed to be with his cat who staged hundreds of photographs of himself with no sign of friends whose racial hatred was ignited by internet searches and not personal experience who could not pinpoint during his confession to the F. B. I. how many he had killed, how long he had spent at the church or even what month it was who had no escape plan and left suicide notes to his parents.“There was something in him that made him feel that he had to do it,” Mr. Bruck said, “and that is as much as he knows.The judge has repeatedly warned Mr. Roof against representing himself, including immediately after the verdicts, when he called it “a bad decision” and urged him to “fully appreciate the implications.” The warnings have had no discernible effect on Mr. Roof, who has until Tuesday to reverse his decision to relegate his lawyers to standby counsel.That status allows Mr. Bruck and his team to offer guidance, but not to question witnesses or make objections.Prosecutors plan a procession of grief, perhaps calling dozens of members of victims’ families to testify about the impact of the killings.The prosecutors are also likely to   the considerable evidence of Mr. Roof’s premeditation and clearly articulated racial intent.Death penalty experts said the absence of mental health evidence to mitigate those aggravating factors could be decisive.Even those who oppose the death penalty on moral grounds, like the Rev.There is no consensus among members of the victims’ families about Mr. Roof’s fate.When the Justice Department elected in May to seek the death penalty, it acted against the wishes of many and of the two women he had spared.Five relatives offered Mr. Roof a measure of forgiveness at a remarkable bond hearing two days after the shootings.But by law, those who testify now are prohibited from telling the jury what penalty they think he should receive.” If Mr. Roof is sentenced to death, it will be the first time a jury has done so in a prosecution involving the federal hate crimes law, according to experts on capital cases.That statute, which was broadened in 2009, does not carry a potential death sentence, but Mr. Roof was also convicted of other crimes that do.Edwards that trial judges could insist on legal representation for defendants who are “competent enough to stand trial but who suffer from severe mental illness to the point where they are not competent to conduct trial proceedings by themselves.Some death penalty opponents hope that Mr. Roof’s defiance will prompt the appellate courts to adopt a more rigorous standard for capital defendants.He added, “To have a person like that make this kind of decision, it really calls into question, from a philosophical point of view, whether that person is in a position to understand their civil liberties.“At some point down the road, he’s going to say, ‘What did I do?’ And there’s no going back.