'WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.His father had a compound in Kennebunkport, Me.And that was always the intention of Marjorie Meriweather Post, the cereal heiress and the property’s original owner, who left    to the federal government when she died in 1973, hoping it would serve as a home for presidents.But the government had no interest in her plan, and Mr. Trump later bought the property for less than $10 million, turning it into a club where membership costs six figures.He was also the first club owner on the island to admit an openly gay couple.Since Mr. Trump’s victory in November,    has been stuffed with guests attracted by an amenity unique to this club: the chance to rub shoulders with the next president.At night, the couches are moved out and tables are added to accommodate the evening cocktail crowd, among whom Mr. Trump moves from one table to the next, the most powerful greeter in the world.” Those in attendance drifted in under a    striped awning, the men dressed in tuxedos, the women in ball gowns, many with their hair swept high.Guests stepped onto a red carpet as they entered the club and wandered over to a poolside cocktail party.Mr. Trump later delivered remarks, according to a guest, who said he thanked his family and the club members for their support over the years.Like most aspects of Mr. Trump’s business interests, the party generated controversy as tickets to it were made available to club members and guests for a little more than $500.Mr. Trump’s aides rejected the questions.Mr. Trump returned to New York on Sunday night.But the club will remain an escape for him.His contentious Twitter posts belie his relative calm when he is at    compared with when he is isolated inside Trump Tower.Mr. Trump’s combative public persona  —   often on display during his campaign  —   mostly dissolves behind the   walls of his castle.“I watched him hold court  —   he was so comfortable in his own skin, and so relaxed.He described the   as “seeking the   Donald Trump: totally at ease, very positive, very gregarious.” Mr. Trump appears to feed off contact with the people at the club.”) He talks about the work he has done to find a solution for the problems at the Department of Veteran Affairs, which included a recent meeting with a number of executives at   .His adult children and their families usually stay in nearby cabanas on the property.(“My Way,” a song popularized by Frank Sinatra, was one recent choice.) A violinist sometimes moves among tables, plucking tunes like the theme from “Fiddler on the Roof.And outside the confines of    old grievances flare up.He has filed lawsuits attempting to keep noisy planes from flying over    and there have been disputes over the height of his oversize flagpole on the grounds.With its owner’s coming new job, the club has had some changes.Guests now go through an elaborate security screen to gain access to the main entrance.Secret Service agents are now sprinkled throughout the property, at night blending into the shrubbery along the grounds.” Attendees seem to see a benefit so far in having the   around, and expect it will continue.